git_instruction.md, before:

# Instruction how to use Git

![Git logo](Git-Logo-2Color.png)

## Creating repository

Enter next command for create local repository

    git init

## Status control

Enter next command for geting status

    git status

## Adding files for tracking

Enter next command for adding file into tracking

    git add file_name

## Saving this stage in local repository

    git commit -m "Your message"

Message need for information about changes in this stage

## Show history of commits

    git log

For hashes and names in one line:

    git log --oneline

## Traveling on history of commits

    git checkout commits_hash

comits_hash is may be first four number or branch name

## Showing changes

    git diff

This will show the changes in the file

If you want to compare another commits:

    git diff first_commit_hash second_commit_hash
    

## Branches

Branches are used in git for group work and separation of tasks.

### Branch list:

For showing branches list:

    git branch

### Create branch

For create new branch:

    git branch new_branch_name

### Merging branches

For merging (IMPORTANT: You must be in branch, which you want changing!):

    git merge another_branch_name

### Deleting branches

After the merge, you need to delete the non-master branch.

For deleting:

    git branch -d  deleting_branch_name

### Adding picture

You can add picture in your md file

For adding picture:

    ![message](path or url to picture)
    
If picture path or url nit be found, message in [] will be visible.

### Work with remote repositories

Commit message:

Added info about creating remote repo

git_instruction.md, after:

# Instruction how to use Git

![Git logo](Git-Logo-2Color.png)

## Creating repository

Enter next command for create local repository

    git init

## Status control

Enter next command for geting status

    git status

## Adding files for tracking

Enter next command for adding file into tracking

    git add file_name

## Saving this stage in local repository

    git commit -m "Your message"

Message need for information about changes in this stage

## Show history of commits

    git log

For hashes and names in one line:

    git log --oneline

## Traveling on history of commits

    git checkout commits_hash

comits_hash is may be first four number or branch name

## Showing changes

    git diff

This will show the changes in the file

If you want to compare another commits:

    git diff first_commit_hash second_commit_hash
    

## Branches

Branches are used in git for group work and separation of tasks.

### Branch list:

For showing branches list:

    git branch

### Create branch

For create new branch:

    git branch new_branch_name

### Merging branches

For merging (IMPORTANT: You must be in branch, which you want changing!):

    git merge another_branch_name

### Deleting branches

After the merge, you need to delete the non-master branch.

For deleting:

    git branch -d  deleting_branch_name

## Adding picture

You can add picture in your md file

For adding picture:

    ![message](path or url to picture)
    
If picture path or url nit be found, message in [] will be visible.

## Work with remote repositories

**Creating remote repository:**
- For working with remote repository need to register and login in on github.com. 
- After you need to create new repository with default settings on you main page on github.com. 
- On opened page choose you variant for connecting local and remote repository.
